README.md, before:

libskk -- a library to deal with Japanese kana-to-kanji conversion method
======
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ueno/libskk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ueno/libskk) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/ueno/libskk.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/ueno/libskk)

Features
------

* Support basic features of SKK including: new word registration,
completion, numeric conversion, abbrev mode, kuten input,
hankaku-katakana input, Lisp expression evaluation (concat only),
and re-conversion.

* Support various typing rules including: romaji-to-kana, AZIK,
TUT-Code, and NICOLA.

* Support various dictionary types including: file dictionary (such as
SKK-JISYO.[SML]), user dictionary, skkserv, and CDB format
dictionary.

* GObject based API with gobject-introspection support.

Documentation
------

* [Basic usage](https://github.com/ueno/libskk/blob/master/tests/context.c)
* [Keymap and Romaji-to-Kana table customization](https://github.com/ueno/libskk/blob/master/rules/README.rules)
* [Vala binding reference](http://du-a.org/docs/libskk/libskk/)
* [C binding reference](http://du-a.org/docs/gtk-doc/libskk/html/)

Test
------
```
$ echo "A i SPC" | skk
{ "input": "A i SPC", "output": "", "preedit": "▼愛" }
$ echo "K a p a SPC K a SPC" | skk
{ "input": "K a p a SPC K a SPC", "output": "", "preedit": "▼かぱ【▼蚊】" }
$ echo "r k" | skk -r tutcode
{ "input": "r k", "output": "あ", "preedit": "" }
$ echo "a (usleep 50000) b (usleep 200000)" | skk -r nicola
{ "input": "a (usleep 50000) b (usleep 200000)", "output": "うへ", "preedit": "" }
```

License
------
```
GPLv3+

Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Daiki Ueno <ueno@gnu.org>
Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Red Hat, Inc.

This file is free software; as a special exception the author gives
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.

This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
```

Commit message:

Add notice about maintenance status

README.md, after:

libskk -- a library to deal with Japanese kana-to-kanji conversion method
======
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ueno/libskk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ueno/libskk) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/ueno/libskk.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/ueno/libskk)

*I'm no longer actively maintain this project.  If you use it and want to take it over the maintenance, let [me](mailto:ueno@gnu.org) know.*

Features
------

* Support basic features of SKK including: new word registration,
completion, numeric conversion, abbrev mode, kuten input,
hankaku-katakana input, Lisp expression evaluation (concat only),
and re-conversion.

* Support various typing rules including: romaji-to-kana, AZIK,
TUT-Code, and NICOLA.

* Support various dictionary types including: file dictionary (such as
SKK-JISYO.[SML]), user dictionary, skkserv, and CDB format
dictionary.

* GObject based API with gobject-introspection support.

Documentation
------

* [Basic usage](https://github.com/ueno/libskk/blob/master/tests/context.c)
* [Keymap and Romaji-to-Kana table customization](https://github.com/ueno/libskk/blob/master/rules/README.rules)
* [Vala binding reference](http://du-a.org/docs/libskk/libskk/)
* [C binding reference](http://du-a.org/docs/gtk-doc/libskk/html/)

Test
------
```
$ echo "A i SPC" | skk
{ "input": "A i SPC", "output": "", "preedit": "▼愛" }
$ echo "K a p a SPC K a SPC" | skk
{ "input": "K a p a SPC K a SPC", "output": "", "preedit": "▼かぱ【▼蚊】" }
$ echo "r k" | skk -r tutcode
{ "input": "r k", "output": "あ", "preedit": "" }
$ echo "a (usleep 50000) b (usleep 200000)" | skk -r nicola
{ "input": "a (usleep 50000) b (usleep 200000)", "output": "うへ", "preedit": "" }
```

License
------
```
GPLv3+

Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Daiki Ueno <ueno@gnu.org>
Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Red Hat, Inc.

This file is free software; as a special exception the author gives
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.

This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
```
