.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH LIBSKK 1 "5 Jan 2012"
.SH NAME
skk \- program that emulates Japanese SKK input method
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B skk
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBskk\fP is a tool that reads key sequences from the standard input
and converts them to Japanese text according to a Japanese input
method called SKK (Simple Kana to Kanji conversion program).
.PP
More information about the SKK input method itself can be found at:
\m[blue]\fB\%http://openlab.jp/skk/\fR\m[]\&
.SH OPTIONS
The \fBskk\fP command follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with
long options starting with two dashes (`-').  A summary of options is
included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-file-dict=\fIFILE\fR
Specify path to a file dictionary.
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-user-dict=\fIFILE\fR
Specify path to a user dictionary.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-skkserv=\fIHOST\fR:\fIPORT\fR
Specify host and port running skkserv.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-rule=\fIRULE\fR
Specify typing rule.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list-rules
List typing rules.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
echo "A i SPC" | skk
Converts a capital letter "A" followed by lowercase letter "i" and a space.
.TP
echo "K a p a SPC K a SPC" | skk
Converts a capital letter "K" followed by lowercase letters "a", "p", "a", and
a space.  Then converts a capital letter "K" followed by "a" and a space.
.TP
echo "r k" | skk -r tutcode
Converts two lowercase letters "r" and "k" with TUT-Code typing rule.
.TP
echo "a (usleep 50000) b (usleep 200000)" | skk -r nicola
Converts two lowercase letters "a" and "b" typed with a 50000 micro
seconds interval, and wait 200000 micro seconds, with NICOLA typing
rule.
.SH AUTHOR
libskk was written by Daiki Ueno <ueno@unixuser.org>.
